docs: Updating CrashHandler section as PostStopHook (#61)
GameFabric/docs: src/multiplayer-servers/multiplayer-services/game-server-wrapper.md

/app/gsw --shutdown.ready=1h --shutdown.allocated=24h -- /app/gameserver
```

### Post-Stop Hook

> A Post-Stop hook allows an executable to run after the game server stops. It can be configured to trigger in both error and non-error scenarios — whether the server exits due to a failure or shuts down normally.  
> 
> Once the game server application stops, the Post-Stop hook executes the configured program. This program can, for example, analyze a core dump to generate a stack trace or upload the full dump for further investigation.  

Reviewer: - application
- executable
- program

Can we use one term? Preferably executable:.

```suggestion
A Post-Stop hook allows an executable to run after the game server stops. It can be configured to trigger in both error and non-error scenarios — whether the server exits due to a failure or shuts down normally.  

Once the game server stops, the Post-Stop hook runs the configured executable. This program can, for example, analyze a core dump to generate a stack trace or upload the full dump for further investigation.  
```

WDYT?

|---------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--post-stop-hook.path`               | `POST_STOP_HOOK_PATH`               | Path to the executable to be run.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `--post-stop-hook.args`               | `POST_STOP_HOOK_ARGS`               | The arguments passed to the executable. Can be used multiple times.                                                                                                                                                                                           |

> | `--post-stop-hook.max-execution-time` | `POST_STOP_HOOK_MAX_EXECUTION_TIME` | Maximum execution time for the Post-Stop hook (default: `30m`). Warning: The maximum execution time cannot exceed the termination grace period, which is set to 30s by default. This can be configured on GameFabric > Armadas/Formations > Settings > Advanced section. |

Reviewer: > maximum execution time cannot exceed the termination grace period, which is set to 30s

This leads to confusion, because we default the flag to 30m.

```suggestion
| `--post-stop-hook.max-execution-time` | `POST_STOP_HOOK_MAX_EXECUTION_TIME` | Maximum execution time for the Post-Stop hook (default: `30m`). Warning: When in the Agones state Shutdown, the maximum execution time cannot exceed the termination grace period, which is set to 30s by default. This can be configured on GameFabric > Armadas/Formations > Settings > Advanced section. |
```

Author: Updated.

/app/gsw --shutdown.ready=1h --shutdown.allocated=24h -- /app/gameserver
```

### Post-Stop Hook

> Allows configuration of running an executable after game server stops. This can be a planned shutdown, or a crash. The configured post-stop hook will act according to the configured parameters (see table below).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Post-Stop hook allows an executable to be run after the game server stops. It can be configured to run when the game server exits with an error and non-error scenarios.
```

Reviewer 3: > run when the game server exits with an error and non-error scenarios

WDYT of 

```suggestion
A Post-Stop hook allows an executable to run after the game server stops. It can be configured to trigger in both error and non-error scenarios — whether the server exits due to a failure or shuts down normally.
```

Author: Amended.

> After game server application stops, post-stop hook will run the configured executable. This executable could, for instance, run a debugger on the coredump file to generate a stack trace or to upload the full dump.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once the game server application stops, the Post-Stop hook executes the configured program. This program can, for example, analyze a core dump to generate a stack trace or upload the full dump for further investigation.
```

Author: Amended.

The path to the executable must be specified, and the executable file itself must be present at the path in the image and carry the executable flag.

| Command-line argument                 | Environment variable                | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|---------------------------------------|-------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `--post-stop-hook.path`               | `POST_STOP_HOOK_PATH`               | Path to the post-stop hook.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--post-stop-hook.path`               | `POST_STOP_HOOK_PATH`               | Path to the executable to be run.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

Author: Amended.

> | `--post-stop-hook.args`               | `POST_STOP_HOOK_ARGS`               | The post-stop hooks arguments. Can be used multiple times.                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--post-stop-hook.args`               | `POST_STOP_HOOK_ARGS`               | The arguments passed to the executable. Can be used multiple times.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

Author: Amended.

> | `--post-stop-hook.max-execution-time` | `POST_STOP_HOOK_MAX_EXECUTION_TIME` | Maximum execution time for the post-stop hook (default: `30m`). Warning: The maximum execution time cannot exceed the termination grace period, which is set to 30s. This can be configured on GameFabric-Armadas/Formations-Settings-Advanced section. |

Reviewer 4: which is set to 30s by default. This can be configured on GameFabric > Armadas/Formations > Settings > Advanced section.

Author: Amended.

> | `--post-stop-hook.on-error`           | `POST_STOP_HOOK_ON_ERROR`           | Determines if the post-start hook should run, when the game server exited with a non-zero exit code. Core dump crashes always cause the post-start hook to run.                                                                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--post-stop-hook.on-error`           | `POST_STOP_HOOK_ON_ERROR`           | Determines if the post-start hook should run when the game server exited with a non-zero exit code. Core dump crashes always cause the post-start hook to run.                                                                                         |
```

Author: Amended.

> | `--post-stop-hook.on-success`         | `POST_STOP_HOOK_ON_SUCCESS`         | Determines if the post-start hook should run, when the game server exited with exit code 0.                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--post-stop-hook.on-success`         | `POST_STOP_HOOK_ON_SUCCESS`         | Determines if the post-start hook should run when the game server exited with exit code 0.                                                                                                                                                             |
```

Author: Amended.

Example:

```shell
gsw \
  --post-stop-hook.path=hook.sh \
  --post-stop-hook.args="{{ .GameServerIP }}" \
  --post-stop-hook.args="{{ .GameServerPort }}" \
  --post-stop-hook.max-execution-time=5m \
  --post-stop-hook.on-error=true \
  --post-stop-hook.on-success=false
```

> The GSW provides access to the detected game server exit code and signal (if any)
> by setting the the environment variables `GAMESERVER_EXITCODE` (`int`) and `GAMESERVER_SIGNAL` (`string`) accordingly before calling the hook.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before invoking the hook, the GSW sets the environment variables `GAMESERVER_EXITCODE` (`int`) and `GAMESERVER_SIGNAL` (`string`) to expose the detected game server exit code and signal (if applicable).
```

WDYT?

Author: Looks great, appreciated.
